samples: openthread: Enable USB CDC ACM for Spinel (#4121)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/openthread/coprocessor/README.rst

* :file:`overlay-minimal_rcp.conf` - Enables a minimal configuration that reduces the code size and RAM usage.
  This file enables the RCP architecture with basic functionality and optimizes stacks and buffer sizes.
  For more information, see :ref:`app_memory`.

> * :file:`overlay-usb.conf` - Enables emulation serial port over USB for Spinel communication with the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :file:`overlay-usb.conf` - Enables emulating a serial port over USB for Spinel communication with the host.
```
